# Movies-Tickets-Booking-System

Building a dynamic website which acts as a platform for the users to search, select and book for movie tickets based on the availability of the seats and shows in the respective theaters. Additionally, viewers can access to latest trending news from movies and reviews of the recent releases.

The website constitutes of five sections: Home page, my account, Reviews, News and contact us. User can view these tabs at the top of the page and we use scripting technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript and MySQL in databases to build and maintain the activity of the website.

Home page displays list of the trending movies along with the list of near by theaters making best user interface. User can choose and select the desired movie from the list and proceed in booking the ticket. Before doing this, user has to login with valid credentials for authorization in “My Account” page. Or else, user must sign up providing First Name, Last name, email ID, phone number. We use JavaScript for accepting and processing the input from the users. The home page layout will be built with HTML5 and the styling portion will be made with CSS3. We will include a set of hyperlinks at the home page which will redirect the users to respective pages upon clicking. 

Once the user has a choice to browse the theaters using the ZIP and select the available shows and movies. User will be redirected to “News” section upon clicking which will display all the trending news of the movies keeping the users updated. This page contains several hyperlinks of videos which enables the user to view the content relevant videos. Review page takes the customer to a list of recently released movies which are reviewed by the author of the website. JavaScript will be used for efficient usage of the content and it also allows the users to give their inputs as rating for the movie. Users can rate and submit the movie out of 5 stars and the average of all the users will be displayed at the page. 

Once the user finalizes the movie and the theater along with the showtime, user will be redirected to secured payment page where the customer is prompted to enter the payment details. Upon the successful payment, user will see a confirmation message on the site displaying the details of the allotted seats and showtime.

For any queries related to the content displayed on the website or movie related news, users can contact the administrator of the page from the “Contact Us” page which contains name, contact number, location and email address. Users can give feedback for the betterment of the website. User can enter the title and the suggestion for improvement and submit it. We will use PHP for making this interactive page with administrator of the page and customer.
